{AzureCXP} fixes Azure/azure-powershell#18577 (#7709)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/database/troubleshoot-common-errors-issues.md

| 49918 |16 |Cannot process request. Not enough resources to process request.<br/><br/>The service is currently busy. Please retry the request later. For more information, see: <br/>&bull; &nbsp;[Logical SQL server resource limits](resource-limits-logical-server.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[DTU-based limits for single databases](service-tiers-dtu.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[DTU-based limits for elastic pools](resource-limits-dtu-elastic-pools.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[vCore-based limits for single databases](resource-limits-vcore-single-databases.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[vCore-based limits for elastic pools](resource-limits-vcore-elastic-pools.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[Azure SQL Managed Instance resource limits](../managed-instance/resource-limits.md). |

> | 49919 |16 |Cannot process create or update request. Too many create or update operations in progress for subscription "%ld".<br/><br/>The service is busy processing multiple create or update requests for your subscription or server. Requests are currently blocked for resource optimization. Query [sys.dm_operation_status](/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-operation-status-azure-sql-database) for pending operations. Wait until pending create or update requests are complete or delete one of your pending requests and retry your request later. If your operations seem to be stuck, [open a support ticket with Microsoft](/sql/sql-server/sql-server-get-help#contact-microsoft-support). For more information about resource limits, review: <br/>&bull; &nbsp;[Logical server resource limits](resource-limits-logical-server.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[DTU-based limits for single databases](service-tiers-dtu.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[DTU-based limits for elastic pools](resource-limits-dtu-elastic-pools.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[vCore-based limits for single databases](resource-limits-vcore-single-databases.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[vCore-based limits for elastic pools](resource-limits-vcore-elastic-pools.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[Azure SQL Managed Instance resource limits](../managed-instance/resource-limits.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 49919 |16 |Cannot process create or update request. Too many create or update operations in progress for subscription "%ld".<br/><br/>The service is busy processing multiple create or update requests for your subscription or server. Requests are currently blocked for resource optimization. Query [sys.dm_operation_status](/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-operation-status-azure-sql-database) for pending operations. Wait until pending create or update requests are complete or delete one of your pending requests and retry your request later. If your operations seem to be stuck, wait for other in-progress operations to complete, or cancel them when possible. For example, you may be able to cancel a database copy or geo-replica creation by deleting the database or replica being created. If unable to cancel an apparently stuck operation, [open a support ticket with Microsoft](/sql/sql-server/sql-server-get-help#contact-microsoft-support).  |
```

> | 49920 |16 |Cannot process request. Too many operations in progress for subscription "%ld".<br/><br/>The service is busy processing multiple requests for this subscription. Requests are currently blocked for resource optimization. Query [sys.dm_operation_status](/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-operation-status-azure-sql-database) for operation status. Wait until pending requests are complete or delete one of your pending requests and retry your request later.  If your operations seem to be stuck, [open a support ticket with Microsoft](/sql/sql-server/sql-server-get-help#contact-microsoft-support). For more information about resource limits, review: <br/>&bull; &nbsp;[Logical server resource limits](resource-limits-logical-server.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[DTU-based limits for single databases](service-tiers-dtu.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[DTU-based limits for elastic pools](resource-limits-dtu-elastic-pools.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[vCore-based limits for single databases](resource-limits-vcore-single-databases.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[vCore-based limits for elastic pools](resource-limits-vcore-elastic-pools.md)<br/>&bull; &nbsp;[Azure SQL Managed Instance resource limits](../managed-instance/resource-limits.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 49920 |16 |Cannot process request. Too many operations in progress for subscription "%ld".<br/><br/>The service is busy processing multiple requests for this subscription. Requests are currently blocked for resource optimization. Query [sys.dm_operation_status](/sql/relational-databases/system-dynamic-management-views/sys-dm-operation-status-azure-sql-database) for operation status. Wait until pending requests are complete or delete one of your pending requests and retry your request later. If your operations seem to be stuck, wait for other in-progress operations to complete, or cancel them when possible. For example, you may be able to cancel a database copy or geo-replica creation by deleting the database or replica being created. If unable to cancel an apparently stuck operation, [open a support ticket with Microsoft](/sql/sql-server/sql-server-get-help#contact-microsoft-support). |
```
